feat: make plugins tutorial more new user friendly (#671)
gazebosim/gz-gui: tutorials/03_plugins.md

}
```

We have the `OnButton()` function which would print the message when clicked.

```cpp
void HelloPlugin::OnButton()
{
  std::cout << this->message << std::endl;
}
```

Thereafter, `GZ_ADD_PLUGIN` registers the plugin with the Gazebo GUI system, making it discoverable at runtime. Refer to [documentation](https://gazebosim.org/api/plugin/2/gz_2plugin_2Register_8hh.html).

```cpp
GZ_ADD_PLUGIN(HelloPlugin,
              gz::gui::Plugin);
```

## Configuring plugins

As shown above, Gazebo GUI supports loading XML configuration files, which may contain
parameters to be passed directly to the plugin. See the \ref config
tutorial for more information.

## Finding plugins

Gazebo GUI will look for plugins on the following paths, in this order:

1. All paths set on the `GZ_GUI_PLUGIN_PATH` environment variable
2. All paths added by calling `gz::gui::addPluginPath`
3. `~/.gz/gui/plugins`
4. [Plugins which are installed with Gazebo GUI](https://gazebosim.org/api/gui/9/namespacegz_1_1gui_1_1plugins.html)

## More Built-in plugins

### Image Display
Display images from a Gazebo Transport topic.

```sh
gz gui -c examples/config/image.config      
```

> or                                                                            
>                                                                                   
> ```sh

Reviewer: Remove spaces (trim line)
```suggestion
or

```sh
```

gz gui -s ImageDisplay
```

### World stats and control

- Stats: Display sim / real time published on a topic
- Control: Buttons to make play / pause / step service requests                

```sh
gz gui -c examples/config/time.config
```

> ### Topic echo
>                                                                                   
> Echo messages from a Gazebo Transport topic.                                    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Topic echo

Echo messages from a Gazebo Transport topic.
```

```sh

> gz gui -c examples/config/pubsub.config  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gz gui -c examples/config/pubsub.config
```

Next Tutorial: \ref config
Previous Tutorial: \ref commandline

## About Plugins

A Gazebo GUI plugin is a shared library that defines a widget. 

The plugin contains [QML](http://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qtqml-index.html) code that specifies what the widget looks like, as well as C++ code that defines the plugin's behavior and ties it to other libraries.

## Starting a pre-built plugin (example)

> ### Step 1: Setting up the environment

Reviewer 2: I think Step 1 is not needed for using pre-built plugins. I was able to run `gz gui -s Publisher` without going into gz gui directory and setting `GZ_GUI_PLUGIN_PATH`. 

by default gz-gui [knows](https://github.com/gazebosim/gz-gui/blob/cbe75f95f8e20241e61458c249b4da89e3c57242/src/Application.cc#L568) where the prebuilt plugin paths are located

Author: Ok, I have placed this before the steps for starting plugins that use the example directory.

```cpp
void HelloPlugin::LoadConfig(const tinyxml2::XMLElement *_pluginElem)
{
  if (!_pluginElem)
    return;

  // Take parameters from XML at runtime
  auto messageElem = _pluginElem->FirstChildElement("message");
  if (nullptr != messageElem && nullptr != messageElem->GetText())
    this->message = messageElem->GetText();
}
```

We have the `OnButton()` function which would print the message when clicked.

```cpp
void HelloPlugin::OnButton()
{
  std::cout << this->message << std::endl;
}
```

Thereafter, `GZ_ADD_PLUGIN` registers the plugin with the Gazebo GUI system, making it discoverable at runtime.

Refer to the [documentation](https://gazebosim.org/api/plugin/2/gz_2plugin_2Register_8hh.html).

```cpp
GZ_ADD_PLUGIN(HelloPlugin,
              gz::gui::Plugin);
```

## Configuring plugins

As shown above, Gazebo GUI supports loading XML configuration files, which may contain
parameters to be passed directly to the plugin. See the \ref config
tutorial for more information.

## Finding plugins

Gazebo GUI will look for plugins on the following paths, in this order:

1. All paths set on the `GZ_GUI_PLUGIN_PATH` environment variable

> 2. All paths added by calling `gz::gui::addPluginPath`

Reviewer 2: this API is no longer available. Can you change this to `App()->AddPluginPath`?

3. `~/.gz/gui/plugins`

> 4. [Plugins which are installed with Gazebo GUI](https://gazebosim.org/api/gui/9/namespacegz_1_1gui_1_1plugins.html)

Reviewer 2: the link actually does not list any plugins. You can replace it with `https://github.com/gazebosim/gz-gui/tree/gz-gui9/src/plugins`

## More Built-in plugins

### Image Display
Display images from a Gazebo Transport topic.

```sh
gz gui -c examples/config/image.config
```
or

```sh
gz gui -s ImageDisplay
```

### World stats and control

- Stats: Display sim / real time published on a topic
- Control: Buttons to make play / pause / step service requests

```sh
gz gui -c examples/config/time.config
```

### Topic echo

Echo messages from a Gazebo Transport topic.

```sh
gz gui -c examples/config/pubsub.config
```

![topic_echo](images/screenshot_plugins_tutorial_6.png)

In the above image, the `Publisher` publishes `data: "Hello"` to the topic `/echo`.

The `Topic Echo`  plugin (right) is used to echo the messages. Here it is echoing the messages published on the topic `/echo`.

### Key publisher

Publish key presses through Gazebo Transport.

```sh
gz gui -c examples/config/keypublisher.config
```

Change the topic to echo to `/keyboard/keypress`, echo, and start pressing keys.

![key_publisher_plugin_1](images/screenshot_plugins_tutorial_4.png)

> In the above image, the keys `A`, `S`, `D`, `Space`, `Super`, `S` were pressed in order. The keycode values are printed on the right terminal.

Reviewer 2: `Super` -> `Shift`?

```suggestion
In the above image, the keys `A`, `S`, `D`, `Space`, `Shift`, `S` were pressed in order. The keycode values are printed on the right terminal.
```

}
```

We have the `OnButton()` function which would print the message when clicked.

```cpp
void HelloPlugin::OnButton()
{
  std::cout << this->message << std::endl;
}
```

Thereafter, `GZ_ADD_PLUGIN` registers the plugin with the Gazebo GUI system, making it discoverable at runtime.

Refer to the [documentation](https://gazebosim.org/api/plugin/2/gz_2plugin_2Register_8hh.html).

```cpp
GZ_ADD_PLUGIN(HelloPlugin,
              gz::gui::Plugin);
```

## Configuring plugins

As shown above, Gazebo GUI supports loading XML configuration files, which may contain
parameters to be passed directly to the plugin. See the \ref config
tutorial for more information.

## Finding plugins

Gazebo GUI will look for plugins on the following paths, in this order:

1. All paths set on the `GZ_GUI_PLUGIN_PATH` environment variable
2. All paths added by calling `gz::gui::App()->AddPluginPath("<<<custom_path>>>");`. Here `App()` is the pointer to running application in the `gz::gui` namespace.
3. `~/.gz/gui/plugins`
4. [Plugins which are installed with Gazebo GUI](https://github.com/gazebosim/gz-gui/tree/gz-gui9/src/plugins)

## Setting up the environment for custom plugins

> If you have built `gz-gui` from source, follow the steps below:
> 
> 1. Navigate to the directory where gz-gui is present.

Reviewer 2: Users should be able to build and run their custom plugins without having to build gz-gui from source. The `GZ_GUI_PLUGIN_PATH` environment variable just needs to point to the directory containing their custom plugin, e.g. for the Hello plugin example, it'll just be in its `build` directory. So suggestion below to rephrase the instructions:

```suggestion
To run your custom plugin, follow the steps below:

1. Navigate to the directory where your custom plugin is built.
```

```sh

> cd ~/workspace/gz-gui

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cd ~/path/to/your_gz_gui_plugin_library
```

```

2. Set `GZ_GUI_PLUGIN_PATH` environment variable as follows:
```sh
export GZ_GUI_PLUGIN_PATH=$(pwd)
```

To check if GZ_GUI_PLUGIN_PATH was correctly set, do
```sh
echo $GZ_GUI_PLUGIN_PATH
```

## More Built-in plugins

> **Note:** The environment needs to be correctly configured as mentioned above.

Reviewer 2: built-in plugins should work out of the box and shouldn't need to have the environment configured. Only custom plugins needs the `GZ_GUI_PLUGIN_PATH` set

```suggestion
```
